Feature unnamed hook used as a reference (#52)
gr2m/before-after-hook: README.md

## Usage

### Singular hook

> Recommended for [TypeScript](#typescript)

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a typescript example below which passes a type?

Reviewer: I see you did an example below, maybe link to it?

Author: Don't you think this is sufficient? If you click this very link, you go to the TypeScript section and see an example, right? You'd see this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6368074/53628077-5aaae700-3c0a-11e9-8702-83bc05c79b25.png)

Or am I not understanding you correctly?

Reviewer: I must have missed the link 🤷‍♂️

```js
// instantiate singular hook API
const hook = new Hook.Singular()

// Create a hook
function getData (options) {
  return hook(options, fetchFromDatabase)
    .then(handleData)
    .catch(handleGetError)
}

// register before/error/after hooks.
// The methods can be async or return a promise
hook.before(beforeHook)
hook.error(errorHook)
hook.after(afterHook)

getData({id: 123})
```

### Hook collection
```js
// instantiate hook collection API
const hookCollection = new Hook.Collection()

// Create a hook
function getData (options) {
  return hookCollection('get', options, fetchFromDatabase)
    .then(handleData)
    .catch(handleGetError)
}

// register before/error/after hooks.
// The methods can be async or return a promise
hookCollection.before('get', beforeHook)
hookCollection.error('get', errorHook)
hookCollection.after('get', afterHook)

getData({id: 123})
```

> ### Behind the scenes

Reviewer: Maybe rename the title to "`Hook.Singular` vs `Hook.Collection`"?

Author: Yup, that's better

### Singular API

The singular hook is a reference to a single hook. This means that there's no need to pass along any identifier (such as a `name` as can be seen in the [Hook.Collection API](#collectionapi)).

The API of a singular hook is exactly the same as a collection hook and we therefore suggest you read the [Hook.Collection API](#collectionapi) and leave out any use of the `name` argument. Just skip it like described in this example:
```js
const hook = new Hook.Singular()

// good
hook.before(beforeHook)
hook.after(afterHook)
hook(options, fetchFromDatabase)

// bad
hook.before('get', beforeHook)
hook.after('get', afterHook)
hook('get', options, fetchFromDatabase)
```

## Hook collection API

- [Collection constructor](#collection-constructor)
- [collection.api](#collectionapi)
- [collection()](#collection)
- [collection.before()](#collectionbefore)
- [collection.error()](#collectionerror)
- [collection.after()](#collectionafter)
- [collection.wrap()](#collectionwrap)
- [collection.remove()](#collectionremove)

### Collection constructor

The `Hook.Collection` constructor has no options and returns a `hookCollection` instance with the
methods below

```js

> const collection = new Hook.Collection()

Reviewer: can we use `hookCollection` as variable name throughout the README to be consistent? I prefer long names, clarity is kind 👑

Author: I completely agree. I change it to `hookCollection`

Example

```js
hookCollection.remove('save', validateRecord)
```

## TypeScript

This library contains type definitions for TypeScript. When you use TypeScript we highly recommend using the `Hook.Singular` constructor for your hooks as this allows you to pass along type information for the options object. For example:

```ts

import {Hook} from 'before-after-hook'

interface Foo {
  bar: string
  num: number;
}

const hook = new Hook.Singular<Foo>();

hook.before(function (foo) {

  // typescript will complain about the following mutation attempts
  foo.hello = 'world'
  foo.bar = 123

  // yet this is valid
  foo.bar = 'other-string'
  foo.num = 123
})

const foo = hook({bar: 'random-string'}, function(foo) {
  // handle `foo`
  foo.bar = 'another-string'
})

// foo outputs
{
  bar: 'another-string',
  num: 123
}
```

An alternative import:
```ts
import {Singular, Collection} from 'before-after-hook'

const hook = new Singular<{foo: string}>();
const hookCollection = new Collection();
```

## Upgrading to 1.4

> Since version 1.4 the `Hook` constructor has been deprecated in favor of becoming a singleton in the next major release. 

Reviewer: I think `singleton` is wrong here, singleton is a pattern where you export an instance of something, and each file that requires it receives the same instance. Maybe replace it the above sentence with something like

```suggestion
Since version 1.4 the `Hook` constructor has been deprecated in favor of returning `Hook.Singular` in the next major release. 
```

This is not a blocker, we can fix this after the new release

Example

```js
collection.remove('save', validateRecord)
```

## TypeScript

This library contains type definitions for TypeScript. When you use TypeScript we highly recommend using the `Hook.Singular` constructor for your hooks as this allows you to pass along type information for the options object. For example:

```ts

> import * as Hook from 'before-after-hook'

Reviewer: I think `import Hook from 'before-after-hook'` should work, too, due to `module.exports.Hook = Hook`?

Author: No, that requires a default export:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6368074/53628420-4adfd280-3c0b-11e9-978b-34b6b693163d.png)

But I rarely see imports like that in TypeScript, so I don't think we should want that.

Author: I've taken a closer look at the definitions and in my "Improved TypeScript usage" commit I made a few changes. Your choices when importing the module:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6368074/53631490-ede81a80-3c12-11e9-84e2-05b9df3aea5b.png)

I prefer
```ts
new Singular<any>()
```
more than the
```ts
new Hook.Singular<any>()
```
syntax. That's definitely an opinion of mine, but I suspect others might favour it too.

Plus, you can still do this to make it more readable, call it a descriptive middleground 😉 
```ts
const myHook: HookSingular = new Singular<any>()
```

Reviewer: I think I’d like to keep `export = Hook` for the folks that don’t use Typescript. I’d like to support

```js
const Hook = require('before-after-hook')
```

interface Foo {
  bar: string
  num: number;
}

const hook = new Hook.Singular<Foo>();

hook.before(function (foo) {

  // typescript will complain about the following mutation attempts
  foo.hello = 'world'
  foo.bar = 123

  // yet this is valid
  foo.bar = 'other-string'
  foo.num = 123
})

const foo = hook({bar: 'random-string'}, function(foo) {
  // handle `foo`
  foo.bar = 'another-string'
})

// foo outputs
{
  bar: 'another-string',
  num: 123
}
```

An alternative import:
```ts
import {Singular} from 'before-after-hook'

const hook = new Singular<{foo: string}>();
```

> [gg](#upgrading-to-1.4)

Reviewer: what does the `gg` mean?

Reviewer: if you want to add an invisible anchor, you can add `<a name="upgrading-to-1.4"></a>`

Author: It was a debug statement to see in it would work in the deprecation warning url, I removed it now 😉
